This is the application for prediction of stocks behavior in coming trading day.
There are three possible classifications:
    - The stock will raise, and this is good opportunity for "Long" trade
    - The stock will fall, and this is good opportunity for "Short" trade
    - The stock will shuffle, and this is not good opportunity to trade this specific stock

Data
The data about all stocks is taken from the site: https://finance.yahoo.com
The target classification for each trading day is calculated as difference(in percents) between
current trading day and next trading day.
    - The change higher than 2% is classified as prediction for long trade
    - The change lower than 2% is classified as prediction for short trade
    - In other cases it is classified as prediction for shuffle stock

Model
The model, used for the prediction, is Random Forest Classifier with 80 estimators.
A number of columns are calculated from original data, e.g. change between
values of the stocks in different time snippets, as well as the distance to local minimum
and maximum in different periods of the time.
All calculated columns are converted to percentage in order to achieve data homogeneity for different stocks.
The prediction model is based only on calculated columns.


Application pages:
    Home
    The page displays the last trading day summary of favorite stocks. The data is updated daily.
    By clicking on "more..." the user can see the history of last 100 trading days.

    Predict
    The page displays prediction of the coming day for the stocks in the list of the favorites.
    The prediction model is calculated each time when the page is refreshed,
    therefore the prediction results might change after the refresh.
    By clicking on "more..." the user can see the page with model details.

    Favorites
    In this page the user can manage his favorite stocks. The favorites list must include at least 5 stocks.
    This is required for proper calculation of the model, therefore the application will limit possibility
    to use less stocks.
    In addition the application will not allow to add to favorite list stocks with too short history.



